feat: add `string/base/replace-after` (#1363)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/string/base/replace-after/README.md

```

#### replaceAfter( str, search, replacement )

Replaces the substring after the first occurrence of a specified search string.

```javascript
var out = replaceAfter( 'beep boop', ' ', 'loop' );
// returns 'beep loop'

out = replaceAfter( 'beep boop', 'o', 'bar' );
// returns 'beep bobar'
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- Package usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

-   If a search string is not present in a provided string, the function returns the provided string unchanged.
-   If a search string is an empty string, the function returns the provided string unchanged.

</section>

<!-- /.notes -->

<!-- Package usage examples. -->

<section class="examples">

## Examples

<!-- eslint no-undef: "error" -->

```javascript
var replaceAfter = require( '@stdlib/string/base/replace-after' );

var out = replaceAfter( 'beep boop', 'p', 'see' );
// returns 'beepsee'

out = replaceAfter( 'Hello World!', 'xyz', 'foo' );
// returns 'Hello World!'

out = replaceAfter( 'Hello World!', '', 'foo' );
// returns 'Hello World!'

> out = replaceAfter( '', 'xyz', 'foo');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
out = replaceAfter( '', 'xyz', 'foo' );
```

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2024 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# replaceAfter

> Replace the substring after the first occurrence of a specified search string.

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- Package usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var replaceAfter = require( '@stdlib/string/base/replace-after' );
```

#### replaceAfter( str, search, replacement, fromIndex )

> Returns the part of a string after replacing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replaces the substring after the first occurrence of a specified search string.
```
